---
title: Privacy Policy
date: 2023-01-05
permalink: "/privacy/"
---

Last updated: January 05, 2023

Digital Designers ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Digital Designers http://www.digitaldesigners.ca website (hereinafter referred to as the "Service")

At Digital Designers, accessible from http://www.digitaldesigners.ca, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Digital Designers and how we use it. If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.digitaldesigners.ca.

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. The Privacy Policy for Digital Designers has been created with the help of policy generator from https://termsfeed.com.

## Definitions

### Service

Service is the https://www.digitaldesigners.ca website operated by Digital Designers.

### Personal Data

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

### Usage Data

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

### Cookies

Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

## Types of Data Collected

### PERSONAL DATA

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

A. Email address
B. First name and last name
C. Phone number
D. Cookies and Usage Data

### USAGE DATA

We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

## TRACKING & COOKIES DATA

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.

Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

### Examples of Cookies we use:

Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Digital Designers use the collected data for various purposes:

1. To provide and maintain the Service
2. To notify you about changes to our Service
3. To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
4. To provide customer care and support
5. To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
6. To monitor the usage of the Service
7. To detect, prevent and address technical issues

### Transfer Of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside Canada and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Canada and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Digital Designers will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure Of Data

### LEGAL REQUIREMENTS

Digital Designers may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

1. To comply with a legal obligation
2. To protect and defend the rights or property of Digital Designers
3. To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
4. To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
5. To protect against legal liability
As an European citizen, under GDPR, you have certain individual rights. You can learn more about these guides in the GDPR Guide from https://termsfeed.com.

### Security of Data

The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

## ANALYTICS

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

### Statcounter & Google Analytics

Statcounter and Google Analytics are web traffic analysis tools. We may employ one or another or both to understand our visitors in order to optimize our services. In terms of features, we only use the essential components to responsibility collect, analyse and service our clients at most appropiate means. You can read the Privacy Policy for Statcounter at https://statcounter.com/about/legal. Alternatively, you can read the Privacy Policy for Google Analytics at https://policies.google.com/privacy.

### Links to Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

### Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

### Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

We are a Data Controller of your information

Digital Designers legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Information we collect and the specific context in which we collect the information:

1. Digital Designers needs to perform a contract with you
2. You have given Digital Designers permission to do so
3. Processing your personal information is in Digital Designers legitimate interests
4. Digital Designers needs to comply with the law

Digital Designers will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies. Our Privacy Policy was generated with the help of GDPR Privacy Policy Generator and the Privacy Policy Generator.

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. If you wish to be informed what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.

1. The right of rectification
2. The right to object
3. The right of restriction
4. The right to data portability
5. The right to withdraw consent

### Log Files

Digital Designers follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.

### Cookies and Web Beacons

Like any other website, Digital Designers uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.

### Third Party Privacy Policies

Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Digital Designers, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.

Note that Digital Designers has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.

Digital Designers's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.

You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites. What Are Cookies?

### Children's Information

Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.

Digital Designers does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.

### Online Privacy Policy Only

Our Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Digital Designers. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.

### Consent

By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.

### Contact Us

Should you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us at help@digitaldesigners.ca with subject line "Privacy Policy".